Support DocumentTypes option (#1927)
onfido/onfido-sdk-ui: README.md

- `documentTypes` (object)

  The list of document types visible to the user can be filtered by using the `documentTypes` option. The default value for each document type is `true`.

- `country` (string)

  Document country can be specified per document type. The `country` configuration for a document type allows you to specify the issuing country of the document as a string containing a 3-letter ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 country code.

>   If `documentTypes` only includes one document type with a country value, users will not see the document selection and instead will be taken directly to the capture screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If `documentTypes` only includes one document type with a country value, users will not see the document selection screen and instead will be taken directly to the capture screen.
```

  ⚠️ **Note**: the `null` value is deprecated and has no effect.

>   If a document country is specified for a document type, or is passed as `null`, the country selection screen is not displayed to the end user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If a document country is specified for a document type, the country selection screen is not displayed to the end user.
```

Reviewer: If the `null` value is deprecated then should remove it from this sentence. Would also be good to move the `null` value note to below this sentence

>   If a document country is specified for a document type, or is passed as `null`, the country selection screen is not displayed to the end user.

Reviewer 2: should be remove this line then? @Phoebe-B

Author: Moving it below as suggested by @Phoebe-B

  ⚠️ **Note**: You can set the country for all document types except **Passport**. This is because passports have the same format worldwide so the SDK does not require this additional information.

>   For example, if you would like to only allow the driving licence document for Spain (ESP), and national identity card and residence permit for all country:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 For example, if you want to allow only Spanish (ESP) driving licences, but national identity cards and residence permits for all countries:
```
